

IV infusions are a good way to deliver nutrients directly into the bloodstream.
Benefits that clients have noticed are increased energy, enhanced immune support, improved sports performance, improved recovery from sports injury or surgery, an overall sense of well being and weight management.
Some conditions, like chronic illnesses require periodic infusions to maintain the benefits.
We provide only the purest nutrients compounded by pharmacies with a commitment to quality control.


Intravenous (IV) vitamin therapy is an effective way to deliver vitamins and minerals directly to the cell where they are needed the most.


At enrG IV we provide Vitamin IV Therapy for health and wellness in either a private or a social environment.
We’ve taken a traditional medical treatment and given it a modern twist.
Come and check out our vitamin menu for the “cocktails” that are good for you.
​​


After one visit with enrG IV, you’ll wonder why you didn’t visit us sooner.


We are creating our proprietary blend of vitamin IVs, booster and b12 shot combinations.


The enrG IV Team ​includes medical expert​s​ specifically and specially trained in IV Vitamin Therapies who will guide you through your visit and help you choose the perfect therapy.
Our Doctors and Nurses are leaders in the IV Vitamin Therapy world, possessing unique, advanced knowledge and provide you with the ultimate drip and drip experience.


IV Vitamin Therapies have been helping people since the 1950’s​, ​​inspired by John Myers, an MD who created The Myers Cocktail.


IV Nutrient Therapy is when vitamins, minerals and other nutrients are administered directly into the bloodstream (intravenously infused) through an IV drip.
It is a safe, powerful and innovative therapy that supports the resolution of numerous health problem.


Vitamin IV Therapy for health and wellness in either a private or a social environment.


Chat with friends in The Lounge and relax with pure Oxygen too

No co-pays, no consult fees and no waiting for appointments

go beyond the basic requirements and reach maximum vitality





Orange Beach welcomes IV Nutrition, Oxygen Bar, and Natural Wellness through Functional Medicine.


The new intravenous vitamin and electrolyte cocktails at enrG-IV, a buzzy “Hydration Med-Spa”


fed directly into the bloodstream, bypassing pesky digestion to rehydrate, dispel toxins and balance the skin.


enrG IV clients undergo brief medical screenings before settling in for their 20- to 60-minute drips, which may help remedy everything from sunburns to the flu, and many other problems.


Clients pass the time in recliner chairs, private rooms, at the oxygen bar, in front of flat-screen TVs, and Internet surfing — all while enjoying amenities like signature energy cocktails (made with B-12, as well as amino acids, and enzymes).


enrG IV offers “classics” like the Myers’ cocktail (magnesium, calcium, B and C vitamins), developed by a Baltimore doctor in the 1970s to treat issues from sinusitis to fibromyalgia.


Amino acids can be added to stabilize moods and improve energy.
Vitamin C IV can be infused simultaneously to encourage collagen formation.





enrG+ is the Functional Medicine side of this clinic.

It is the future of conventional medicine.

It seeks to identify and address the root causes of disease, and views the body as one integrated system, not a collection of independent organs divided up by medical specialties.
It treats the whole system, not just the symptoms, naturally.

As the Co-Founder, Janet Baker says, “Our mission is to get our clients to Optimal Health through Natural means.”






